= ramix

Ramix is a command-line tool for initializing a new rails application. Just the same as rails but adding more additional options.

similar project: {rails_wizard}[https://github.com/intridea/rails_wizard]  {rails_apps_composer}[https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer]

=== Why?

When i initialize a new rails application, i always need to find a authentication solution, remove unused index page, replace some other template languages, do some code hack in special rails version and so on. Of course, rails `-m` can do this, but if i need to do some small change, i must create a new template or use 'ask' in the template. The template will be long and unmaintainable. Ramix just wraps 'rails app_generator', so it can help you.

=== Usage

The usage like <tt>rails new APP_PATH</tt>

    ramix new ~/demo

Will create a new rails application with authentication(devise and omniauth), new-index page.

    ramix new ~/demo -n mongoid -l haml

Will use mongoid as your database and use haml as your template.

type 

    ramix -h

You will find all options supported.

    General options:
      -H, [--home=HOME]  # Generate a home controller and view.
                         # Default: home
          [--skip-home]  # Don't use home option.

    Nosql options:
      -n, [--nosql=NOSQL]  # Preconfigure for selected nosql database (options: mongoid/).

    Authentication options:
      -a, [--auth=AUTH]               # Preconfigure for selected authentication(options: devise/).
                                      # Default: devise
          [--skip-auth]               # Don't use auth option.
      -A, [--omniauth=one two three]  # OmniAuth is a flexible authentication system utilizing Rack middleware.
                                      # Default: google facebook twitter
          [--skip-omniauth]           # Don't use omniauth option.

    Source options:
      -c, [--china]  # Special the chinese source path of Gemfile.

    Front-end options:
      -F, [--front=FRONT]  # Preconfigure for selected front-end template or plugin(options: bootstrap/h5bp/).Note that h5bp refer to html5-boilerplate.
                           # Default: bootstrap
          [--skip-front]   # Don't use front option.

    Template language options:
      -l, [--lang=LANG]  # Preconfigure for selected template language(options: haml/slim/).

=== Getting Started


    gem install ramix


== Contributing to ramix
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Thierry Zires. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

